In the Markdown file, yu can see the code, output, and occasional comments together, but I wanted to include these five images that are automatically sent to a folder. The six stages of this program make intuitive sense. 
1. Robyn, as it is a cutting edge open-source software, has to take what it can get when it comes to optimizing marketing spend. The first section is getting together all of the disparate software and getting them to work together. Section 2 just describes the ideal business requirements to pursue an MMM project. 
2. An object is created that holds all the information Robyn needs to perform MMM: the original data itself, holidays, the date, the dependent variable (usually revenue), a time frame of how long the observations have been recorded, and the advertising spend itself.  
Section 2 also requires a choice of a probability distribution. Some are simpler and faster, but less accurate. Some may take longer to explore, but have higher accuracy. Imagine any product you once purchased. From the time the manufacture made it and began marketing it until you heard of it takes different times. Not to mention that some ads are quickly forgotten while others have sticking power. Saturation is modeled by the Hill Function and ad-stock is modeled by the Weibull distribution because they typically represent real world situation.
So the underlying modeling software should solve the problem behind MMM as quickly as possible, but since there are so many possible right answers, we take guesses for all the components that make up the different mareting channels. 
Step 3 is the most important section of the program. After feeding in your inputs, you decide how many iterations of samping and trials each model undergoes. These can often. This, by far, is the longest running section of the model.
NOTE: right click on the images in this directory and instruct your computer to open it on another table. they do not fit well if 
